Fix broken external links in English content discovered during Locadex eval (#2215)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/integrations/verifiers.mdx

Weave can be a powerful tool in your RL fine‑tuning workflows by providing insight into how your models are performing during training. When used alongside W&B, you get comprehensive observability: W&B tracks training metrics and performance charts, while Weave captures detailed traces of each interaction during the training process.

> The `verifiers` repository includes ready‑to‑run [examples](https://github.com/willccbb/verifiers) to help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verifiers` repository includes ready‑to‑run [examples](https://github.com/PrimeIntellect-ai/verifiers) to help you get started.
```
Looks like `willccbb` aliased these links to their new repo.

## See also

> Verifiers has first‑class integration with W&B Models. See the [Verifiers repository](https://github.com/willccbb/verifiers) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers has first‑class integration with W&B Models. See the [Verifiers repository](https://github.com/PrimeIntellect-ai/verifiers) to learn more.
```
